Ohie 451 update samples (#136)
jembi/openhim-mediator-mapping: samples/stateDemo/README.md

# State Demo

> This sample endpoint accepts a tiny payload containing a statusCode value. This value the value returned by an online test api. It is useful for checking how we can manipulate "valid" state with http status code and network filters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This sample endpoint accepts a tiny payload containing a statusCode value. This is the value returned by an online test api. It is useful for checking how we can manipulate "valid" state with http status code and network filters.
```

- Transformation - Checks the state system field exists and a ternary is triggered based on that
- Mapping - Very basic flat mapping. Retrieves a variety of data from the state, transforms, timestamps, requestBody, and lookupRequests.
- Request - The lookup requests gather the required data from httpbin. The first lookup triggers a specified http status code reponse from httpbin. The second one get a random uuid returned.
- Constants - Contains the static value required for constructing a status response

## Setup

To create this endpoint within the Mapping Mediator, execute the below curl command from the location of this sample endpoint.

```sh
curl -X POST -d "@endpoint.json" -H "Content-Type: application/json" http://localhost:3003/endpoints
```

## Test

To test the endpoint configured successfully, execute the below curl command from the location of this sample endpoint.

```sh
curl -X POST -d '{"statusCode": 404}' -H "Content-Type: application/json" http://localhost:3003/state-demo
```

> With this command you will see in the `state-status` field that `"No state captured yet || No captured state available that matches status and network filters"`. Run that same command and the `state-status` should remain the same. This is because the endpoint is configured to only return past state values that meet lookup request status code filters - in this example the only valid status code are in the 2xx range the code 300. Since we've been sending through 404s the state is captured but not returned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this command, you will receive a `state-status` of value "No state captured yet || No captured state available that matches status and network filters"`. Run that same command and the `state-status` should remain the same. This is because the endpoint is configured to only return past state values that meet lookup request status code filters - in this example the only valid status code are in the 2xx range the code 300. Since we've been sending through 404s the state is captured but not returned.
```
